\documentclass[10pt,twoside]{article}
\usepackage[paperheight=14.75in,paperwidth=11.75in,margin=0.5in]{geometry}
\usepackage{calc}
\usepackage{multicol}

\makeatletter
\newcommand{\@minipagerestore}{\setlength{\parindent}{1pc}}
\makeatother

\pagestyle{empty}

\usepackage{fontspec}
\newfontfamily\newspaperBody{OldStyHPLHS.otf}[
  Path = \string~/s/fonts/hplhs/,
  ItalicFont    = OldstItaHPLHS.otf,
  SmallCapsFont = OldstSCHPLHS.otf]
\newfontfamily\newspaperSlab{SlabSerHPLHS.otf}[
  Path = \string~/s/fonts/hplhs/]
\newfontfamily\headlineOne{HeadlOneHPLHS.otf}[
  Path = \string~/s/fonts/hplhs/]
\newfontfamily\headlineTwo{HeadlTwoHPLHS.otf}[
  Path = \string~/s/fonts/hplhs/]
\newfontfamily\headlineThree{HeadlModifiedHPLHS.otf}[
  Path = \string~/s/fonts/hplhs/]

% this is newspaperBody
\setmainfont{OldStyHPLHS.otf}[
  Path = \string~/s/fonts/hplhs/,
  ItalicFont    = OldstItaHPLHS.otf,
  SmallCapsFont = OldstSCHPLHS.otf]

\nonfrenchspacing

\setlength{\topskip}{0pt}
\setlength{\lineskiplimit}{-10pt}
\setlength{\lineskip}{0pt}

\makeatletter
\renewcommand\thesection{}
\newcommand\Headline[5]{\@startsection{section}{1}{\z@}{#1\baselineskip}{#2\baselineskip}{\centering\fontsize{#3}{#4}\selectfont#5}}
\newcommand\headlineHUGE{\Headline{0.5}{0.5}{72}{86}{\headlineThree}}
\newcommand\headlineHuge{\Headline{0.5}{0.5}{40}{48}{\headlineThree}}
\newcommand\headlineLARGE{\Headline{0.5}{0.5}{36}{44}{\headlineOne}}
\newcommand\headlineLarge{\Headline{0.5}{0.5}{32}{38}{\headlineOne}}
\newcommand\headline{\Headline{0.5}{0.5}{28}{34}{\headlineTwo}}
\newcommand\headlineSmall{\Headline{0.5}{0.5}{24}{28}{\headlineTwo}}
\newcommand\headlineTiny{\Headline{0.5}{0.5}{\baselineskip}{\baselineskip}{\newspaperBody\scshape}}
\makeatother

\newcommand\fullrule{\noindent\smash{\noindent\rule{\linewidth}{0.2mm}}}
\newcommand\halfrule{\noindent\smash{\noindent\centerline{\rule{0.25\linewidth}{0.2mm}}}}
\newcommand\fancyrule{\noindent\smash{\noindent\centerline{\headlineOne\Hugeâ€”}}}

\begin{document}

\begin{multicols}{3}

\headlineLarge{\hspace{-20pt}Foreign Cables}

\headlineTiny{Artist Divorced}

\noindent
PARIS, April 18 (By A.~P.).---Mrs.~Lucile Wolfe Burton was granted a
divorce today from William O.\ Burton, American portrait painter, now
living in Paris.

\halfrule

\headlineTiny{Gold in Glacier}

\noindent
STOCKHOLM, April 18 (By A.~P.).---Norwegians may seek unknown land,
but some Swede engineers have found rich gold, silver and copper
deposits in an arctic glacier, using new electrical prospecting
apparatus.

\halfrule

\headlineTiny{Wrecked Train}

\noindent
MEXICO CITY, April 17 (By A.~P.).---The train which was wrecked near
Pachuca was carrying troops from Pahuca to Ixmiquilpan.  Ten men were
reported killed and 30 injured.  A military relief train was sent to
the scene.

\halfrule

\headlineTiny{Prince Drove Truck}

\noindent
LONDON, April 18 (By A.~P.).---The prince of Wales is becoming a
regular Harun Al Raschid.  It develops that during the strike he drove
a motor truck and helped distribute milk to the poor.

\halfrule

\headlineTiny{100 Killed in Battle}

\noindent
TANGIER, Morocco, April 17 (By A.~P.).---More than a hundred members
of the Spanish foreign legion are reported to have been killed and a
large number wounded in fighting at Rio Martin, near Tetuan.  Another
party numbering 360 persons are reported to have been surrounded in a
ravine by the tribesmen, all being captured or killed.

\halfrule

\headlineTiny{Ignores Rebels}

\noindent
MANAGUCA, Nigaragua, April 17 (By A.~P.).---The revolutionary governor
at Bluefields has called upon W.~J.~Crampton, American collector of
customs there, to deliver the customs revenue to him.  The collector
refused and has requested protection for himself and his staff against
the rebels.

\fullrule

\headlineSmall{\hspace{-20pt}Brisbane Denies Marriage Rumors}

\noindent
Mr.~Luther Brisbane, proprietor of Arkham's own Brisbane Brick Works,
today said there was ``absolutely nothing'' in rumors that he was soon
to be married to Mrs.~Adolph Spreckles of San Francisco, widow of the
nationally known sugar magnate.

\halfrule

\headlineSmall{\hspace{-20pt}Flashes Badge at Hotel, Pays \$5 Fine}

\noindent
Flashing a badge that looked like that worn by policemen, Roman
Struck, 39 years old, 530 Powder Mill st., threatened the owners of a
hotel at Gedney and Armitage st.\ with arrest.

The sight of two policemen, who were called, induced Struck to step
into his more accustomed role of a civilian.  When questioned by
police as to why he made the impersonation, he replied, ``I thought it
would be fun.''

In district court today he was fined \$5 on charge of being drunk.

\halfrule

\headlineSmall{\hspace{-20pt}Brotherhood Opens Headquarters}

\noindent
The Silver Twilight Lodge, a fraternal organisation championing the
advancement of the intellect and the study of the unknown, plans to
open new headquarters in Boston in May.  Carl Stanford, the founder of
the organisation, says he hopes to find many new members from among
the New England intellectuals.

\columnbreak

\noindent
\begin{minipage}[t][37\baselineskip]{2\columnwidth+1\columnsep}
\headlineHUGE{\hspace{-37pt}Scotland destroyed}
\headlineLarge{Earthquake shatters nation!}
\fancyrule
\vspace{-16pt}\headlineSmall{\newspaperSlab Hundreds of Thousands of Lives Lost in the Wreckage Caused by the Earthquake, Beyond All Accurate Counting or Identification.}

\begin{multicols}{2}
\noindent
WESTMINSTER, England.---The earthquake which shook Scotland from
center to circumference a few minutes after 5 o'clock on the XXth of
August unleashed never-before-seen devastation, destroying most of the
cities and towns in the nation, surpassing even the California
Earthquake of 1906.  King George VI and Prime Minister David Lloyd
George have called upon the Royal Society to offer some explanation of
this catastrophe, as the British Isles are not known for such seismic
activity.

Scotland has been placed under military authority.  The various Royal
Army Corps of Engineers, as well as drafted civil organisations, have
been tasked with clearing the wreckage in the major cities and saving
as many lives as can be found.  Due to the scale of the destruction,
the operation is predicted to last for months.  Military and
government authorities would not speculate on when Scotland will
recover to its previous state.

Though the cause of the earthquake is not yet known, geologists have
been able to predict its likely origin: the north west coast, a region
of large deep lochs, many of which have never been fully plumbed.
They theorise that the waters may have hidden some spot of geological
activity.  The Royal Navy have confirmed that the destruction in the
coastal Morar area is significant.

\headlineTiny{\normalfont\itshape Light Seen in Sky}

\noindent
Sailors in the North Sea report seeing a brilliant blue light rising
into the sky minutes after the shaking began.  It is not yet known if
this has any connexion to the earthquake.  Some scientists have
speculated that the disturbance could have released trapped gasses,
which affected the sunlight in unusual ways.

\headlineTiny{\normalfont\itshape ``Feral Men'' Attacking Troops}

\noindent
Some dozens of people who felt the vibrations have been driven into
lunacy by the experience, acting in a way which some have described as
``feral.''  These afflicted individuals attack those around them, even
the troops trying to aid them, with reckless abandon.  The army are
trying to round up these people in order for them to receive care.

\end{multicols}

\vspace{-\baselineskip}\fullrule

\end{minipage}

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\begin{minipage}[t][37\baselineskip]{2\columnwidth+1\columnsep}
\end{minipage}

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\noindent.

\end{multicols}

\end{document}
